We're knights of the Round Table, we dance whene'er we're able. We do routines and chorus scenes with footwork impec-cable, We dine well here in Camelot, we eat ham and jam and Spam a lot. / We're knights of the Round Table, our shows are for-mi-dable. But many times we're given rhymes that are quite un-sing-able, We're opera mad in Camelot, we sing from the diaphragm a lot. / In war we're tough and able, Quite in-de-fa-ti-gable. Between our quests we sequin vests and impersonate Clark Gable / It's a busy life in Camelot
[solo]
Knights of Camelot: I have to push the pram a lot.
Share this
King of Swamp Castle: Listen, Alice...
Prince Herbert: Herbert.
King of Swamp Castle: Herbert...
Share this
Minstrel: [singing] Bravely bold Sir Robin rode forth from Camelot. He was not afraid to die, oh brave Sir Robin. He was not at all afraid to be killed in nasty ways, brave, brave, brave, brave Sir Robin. He was not in the least bit scared to be mashed into a pulp, or to have his eyes gouged out, and his elbows broken. To have his kneecaps split, and his body burned away, and his limbs all hacked and mangled, brave Sir Robin. His head smashed in and heart cut out, and his liver removed, and his bowels unplugged, and his nostrils raped and his bottom burned off and his penis...
Sir Robin: That's, uh, that's enough music for now, lads... looks like there's dirty work afoot.
Share this
Minstrel: [singing] Brave Sir Robin ran away...
Sir Robin: *No!*
Minstrel: [singing] bravely ran away away...
Sir Robin: *I didn't!*
Minstrel: [singing] When danger reared its ugly head, he bravely turned his tail and fled.
Sir Robin: *I never did!*
Minstrel: [singing] Yes, brave Sir Robin turned about, and valiantly, he chickened out.
Sir Robin: *Oh, you liars!*
Minstrel: [singing] Bravely taking to his feet, he beat a very brave retreat. A brave retreat by brave Sir Robin.
Share this
God: What are you doing now?
King Arthur: Averting our eyes, oh Lord.
God: Well, don't. It's just like those miserable psalms, they're so depressing. Now knock it off!
Share this
King of Swamp Castle: Please! This is supposed to be a happy occasion. Let's not bicker and argue over who killed who.
Share this
God: Every time I try to talk to someone it's "sorry this" and "forgive me that" and "I'm not worthy"...
Share this
French Soldier: I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty headed animal food trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Share this
Sir Galahad: Is there someone else up there we can talk to?
French Soldier: No, now go away or I shall taunt you a second time.
Share this
Sir Lancelot: [Sir Galahad the Chaste is being seduced by an entire castle full of young women] We were in the nick of time. You were in great peril.
Sir Galahad: I don't think I was.
Sir Lancelot: Yes, you were. You were in terrible peril.
Sir Galahad: Look, let me go back in there and face the peril.
Sir Lancelot: No, it's too perilous.
Sir Galahad: Look, it's my duty as a knight to sample as much peril as I can.
Sir Lancelot: No, we've got to find the Holy Grail. Come on.
Sir Galahad: Oh, let me have just a little bit of peril?
Sir Lancelot: No. It's unhealthy.
Sir Galahad: I bet you're gay.
Sir Lancelot: Am not.
Share this
King Arthur: [after Arthur's cut off both of the Black Knight's arms] Look, you stupid Bastard. You've got no arms left.
Black Knight: Yes I have.
King Arthur: *Look*!
Black Knight: It's just a flesh wound.
Share this
French Soldier: Un cadeau.
Other French soldiers: A what?
French Soldier: A present.
Other French soldiers: Oh. Un cadeau.
Other French soldiers: Oui oui.
French Soldier: Allons y!
Other French soldiers: What?
French Soldier: Let's go!
Other French soldiers: Oh.
Share this
[repeated line]
King Arthur: Run away!
Share this
Sir Bedevere: What makes you think she's a witch?
Peasant 3: Well, she turned me into a newt!
Sir Bedevere: A newt?
Peasant 3: [meekly after a long pause] ... I got better.
Crowd: [shouts] Burn her anyway!
Share this
Large Man with Dead Body: Who's that then?
The Dead Collector: I dunno, must be a king.
Large Man with Dead Body: Why?
The Dead Collector: He hasn't got shit all over him.
Share this
French Soldier: You don't frighten us, English pig dogs. Go and boil your bottoms, you sons of a silly person. I blow my nose at you, so-called "Arthur King," you and all your silly English K-nig-hts.
Share this
French Soldier: Go and boil your bottoms, you sons of silly persons!
Share this
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Who goes there?
King Arthur: It is I, Arthur, son of Uther Pendragon, from the castle of Camelot. King of the Britons, defeater of the Saxons, Sovereign of all England!
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Pull the other one!
King Arthur: I am, and this is my trusty servant Patsy. We have ridden the length and breadth of the land in search of knights who will join me in my court at Camelot. I must speak with your lord and master.
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: What? Ridden on a horse?
King Arthur: Yes!
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: You're using coconuts!
King Arthur: What?
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: You've got two empty halves of coconut and you're bangin' 'em together.
King Arthur: So? We have ridden since the snows of winter covered this land, through the kingdom of Mercia, through...
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Where'd you get the coconuts?
King Arthur: We found them.
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Found them? In Mercia? The coconut's tropical!
King Arthur: What do you mean?
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Well, this is a temperate zone
King Arthur: The swallow may fly south with the sun or the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land?
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
King Arthur: Not at all. They could be carried.
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: What? A swallow carrying a coconut?
King Arthur: It could grip it by the husk!
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: It's not a question of where he grips it! It's a simple question of weight ratios! A five ounce bird could not carry a one pound coconut.
King Arthur: Well, it doesn't matter. Will you go and tell your master that Arthur from the Court of Camelot is here?
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Listen. In order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right?
King Arthur: Please!
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Am I right?
Share this
King Arthur: One, two, five!
Sir Galahad: Three sir!
King Arthur: THREE!
Share this
Prince Herbert: But mother,
King of Swamp Castle: Father, I'm father.
Prince Herbert: But father...
Share this
The Witch: I'm not a witch I'm not a witch!
Sir Bedevere: But you are dressed as one
The Witch: *They* dressed me up like this!
Crowd: We didn't! We didn't...
The Witch: And this isn't my nose. It's a false one.
Sir Bedevere: [lifts up her false nose] Well?
Peasant 1: Well, we did do the nose.
Sir Bedevere: The nose?
Peasant 1: And the hat, but she is a witch!
Crowd: Yeah! Burn her! Burn her!
Sir Bedevere: Did you dress her up like this?
Peasant 1: No!
Peasant 3, Peasant 2: No!
Peasant 3: No!
Peasant 1: No!
Peasant 3, Peasant 2: No!
Peasant 1: Yes!
Peasant 2: Yes!
Peasant 1: Yeah a bit.
Peasant 3: A bit!
Peasant 1, Peasant 2: A bit!
Peasant 2: a bit
Peasant 1: But she has got a wart!
Random Person in the crowd: *cough* *cough*
Share this
King Arthur: Old woman.
Dennis: Man.
King Arthur: Man, sorry. What knight lives in that castle over there?
Dennis: I'm 37.
King Arthur: What?
Dennis: I'm 37. I'm not old.
King Arthur: Well I can't just call you "man".
Dennis: Well you could say "Dennis".
King Arthur: I didn't know you were called Dennis.
Dennis: Well you didn't bother to find out did you?
King Arthur: I did say sorry about the "old woman", but from behind you looked...
Dennis: What I object to is you automatically treat me like an inferior.
King Arthur: Well I am king.
Dennis: Oh, king eh? Very nice. And how'd you get that, eh? By exploiting the workers. By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society.
Share this
King Arthur: I am your king.
Woman: Well I didn't vote for you.
King Arthur: You don't vote for kings.
Woman: Well how'd you become king then?
[Angelic music plays... ]
King Arthur: The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. THAT is why I am your king.
Dennis: [interrupting] Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
Share this
Dennis: Oh, but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you.
Share this
Dennis: Oh but if I went 'round sayin' I was Emperor, just because some moistened bint lobbed a scimitar at me, they'd put me away.
Share this
Dennis: Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help! Help! I'm being repressed!
King Arthur: Bloody peasant!
Dennis: Oh, what a giveaway! Did you hear that? Did you hear that, eh? That's what I'm on about! Did you see him repressing me? You saw him, Didn't you?
Share this
Sir Bedevere: ...and that, my liege, is how we know the Earth to be banana shaped.
King Arthur: This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
Share this
[the King gestures to the window]
King of Swamp Castle: One day, lad, all this will be yours.
Prince Herbert: What, the curtains?
King of Swamp Castle: No, not the curtains, lad, all that you can see stretched out over the valleys and the hills! That'll be your kingdom, lad.
Share this
King of Swamp Castle: When I first came here, this was all swamp. Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built in all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. And that's what you're going to get, Lad, the strongest castle in all of England.
Share this
Sir Lancelot: Look, my liege!
[trumpets play a fanfare as the camera cuts briefly to the sight of a majestic castle]
King Arthur: [in awe] Camelot!
Sir Galahad: [in awe] Camelot!
Sir Lancelot: [in awe] Camelot!
Patsy: [derisively] It's only a model!
King Arthur: Shh!
Share this
King Arthur: On second thought, let's not go to Camelot. It is a silly place.
Share this
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
Share this
Bridgekeeper: Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see.
Sir Lancelot: Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper. I am not afraid.
Bridgekeeper: What... is your name?
Sir Lancelot: My name is Sir Lancelot of Camelot.
Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest?
Sir Lancelot: To seek the Holy Grail.
Bridgekeeper: What... is your favourite colour?
Sir Lancelot: Blue.
Bridgekeeper: Go on. Off you go.
Sir Lancelot: Oh, thank you. Thank you very much.
Sir Robin: That's easy.
Bridgekeeper: Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see.
Sir Robin: Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper. I'm not afraid.
Bridgekeeper: What... is your name?
Sir Robin: Sir Robin of Camelot.
Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest?
Sir Robin: To seek the Holy Grail.
Bridgekeeper: What... is the capital of Assyria?
[pause]
Sir Robin: I don't know that.
[he is thrown over the edge into the volcano]
Sir Robin: Auuuuuuuugh.
Bridgekeeper: Stop. What... is your name?
Galahad: Sir Galahad of Camelot.
Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest?
Galahad: I seek the Grail.
Bridgekeeper: What... is your favourite colour?
Galahad: Blue. No, yel...
[he is also thrown over the edge]
Galahad: auuuuuuuugh.
Bridgekeeper: Hee hee heh. Stop. What... is your name?
King Arthur: It is 'Arthur', King of the Britons.
Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest?
King Arthur: To seek the Holy Grail.
Bridgekeeper: What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
King Arthur: What do you mean? An African or European swallow?
Bridgekeeper: Huh? I... I don't know that.
[he is thrown over]
Bridgekeeper: Auuuuuuuugh.
Sir Bedevere: How do know so much about swallows?
King Arthur: Well, you have to know these things when you're a king, you know.
Share this
[the Black Knight continues to threaten Arthur despite getting both his arms and one of his legs cut off]
Black Knight: Right, I'll do you for that!
King Arthur: You'll what?
Black Knight: Come here!
King Arthur: What are you gonna do, bleed on me?
Black Knight: I'm invincible!
King Arthur: ...You're a loony.
Share this
Dingo: You must spank her well, and after you are done with her, you may deal with her as you like... and then... spank me.
All: And me. And me too. And me.
Dingo: Yes. Yes, you must give us all a good spanking.
Share this
Dingo: And after the spanking, the oral sex.
Galahad: Well, I could stay a bit longer...
Share this
Knight 1: We are the Knights who say... NI.
Share this
King Arthur: Cut down a tree with a herring? It can't be done.
[the Knights of Ni scream and cover their ears]
Knight 1: Don't say that word!
King Arthur: What word?
Knight 1: I cannot tell! Suffice to say, is one of the words the Knights of Ni cannot hear!
King Arthur: How can we not say the word if you don't tell us what it is?
[the Knights of Ni scream again]
Knight 1: He said it again!
King Arthur: What,"is"?
Knight 1: No, no, not "is". Wouldn't get very far in life not saying "is".
Share this
King Arthur: You fight with the strength of many men, Sir Knight.
[the Black Knight doesn't respond]
King Arthur: I am Arthur, King of the Britons.
[no response]
King Arthur: I seek the bravest and the finest knights in the land who will join me in my court at Camelot.
[no response]
King Arthur: You have proved yourself worthy. Will you join me?
[no response]
King Arthur: You make me sad. So be it. Come, Patsy!
[attempts to get around the Black Knight]
Black Knight: None shall pass.
King Arthur: What?
Black Knight: None shall pass!
King Arthur: I have no quarrel with you, good Sir Knight. But I must cross this bridge.
Black Knight: Then you shall die.
King Arthur: I command you, as King of the Britons, to stand aside!
Black Knight: I move for no man.
King Arthur: So be it!
[they fight until Arthur cuts off Black Knight's left arm]
King Arthur: Now, stand aside, worthy adversary!
Black Knight: 'Tis but a scratch!
King Arthur: A scratch? Your arm's off!
Black Knight: No, it isn't!
King Arthur: Well, what's that then?
King Arthur: I've had worse.
King Arthur: You liar!
Black Knight: Come on, you pansy!
[they fight again. Arthur cuts off the Knight's right arm]
King Arthur: Victory is mine!
[kneels to pray]
King Arthur: We thank thee, Lord, that in thy mercy -
[cut off by the Knight kicking him]
Black Knight: Come on, then.
King Arthur: What?
Black Knight: Have at you!
King Arthur: You are indeed brave, Sir Knight, but the fight is mine!
Black Knight: Oh, had enough, eh?
King Arthur: Look, you stupid bastard. You've got no arms left!
Share this
Roger the Shrubber: Are you saying Ni to that old woman?
King Arthur: Um, yes.
Roger the Shrubber: Oh, what sad times are these when passing ruffians can say Ni at will to old ladies. There is a pestilence upon this land, nothing is sacred. Even those who arrange and design shrubberies are under considerable economic stress in this period in history.
King Arthur: Did you say shrubberies?
Roger the Shrubber: Yes, shrubberies are my trade. I am a shrubber. My name is Roger the Shrubber. I arrange, design, and sell shrubberies.
Share this
Knight 1: We are now no longer the Knights who say Ni.
Knight 2: NI.
Other Knights: Shh...
Knight 1: We are now the Knights who say... "Ekki-Ekki-Ekki-Ekki-PTANG. Zoom-Boing. Z'nourrwringmm.
Share this
King of Swamp Castle: We live in a bloody swamp. We need all the land we can get.
Prince Herbert: But I don't like her.
King of Swamp Castle: Don't like her? What's wrong with her? She's beautiful, she's rich, she's got huge... tracts of land.
Share this
Tim: Follow. But! Follow only if ye be men of valor! For the entrance to this cave is guarded by a creature so foul, so cruel, that no man yet has fought with it... and lived! BONES of full fifty men lie *strewn* about its lair! So! Brave knights! If you do doubt your courage or your strength, come no further, for death awaits you all with nasty, big, pointy teeth...
[Makes fangs with his fingers and holds them in front of his mouth]
King Arthur: What an eccentric performance.
Share this
[Holding the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch]
King Arthur: How does it... um... how does it work?
Sir Lancelot: I know not, my liege.
King Arthur: Consult the Book of Armaments.
Brother Maynard: Armaments, chapter two, verses nine through twenty-one.
Cleric: [reading] And Saint Attila raised the hand grenade up on high, saying, "O Lord, bless this thy hand grenade, that with it thou mayst blow thine enemies to tiny bits, in thy mercy." And the Lord did grin. And the people did feast upon the lambs and sloths, and carp and anchovies, and orangutans and breakfast cereals, and fruit-bats and large chu...
Brother Maynard: Skip a bit, Brother...
Cleric: And the Lord spake, saying, "First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin. Then shalt thou count to three, no more, no less. Three shall be the number thou shalt count, and the number of the counting shall be three. Four shalt thou not count, neither count thou two, excepting that thou then proceed to three. Five is right out. Once the number three, being the third number, be reached, then lobbest thou thy Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch towards thy foe, who, being naughty in my sight, shall snuff it.
Brother Maynard: Amen.
All: Amen.
King Arthur: Right. One... two... five.
Galahad: Three, sir.
King Arthur: Three.
Share this
Sir Bedevere: Well, now, uh, Launcelot, Galahad, and I, wait until nightfall, and then leap out of the rabbit, taking the French by surprise - not only by surprise, but totally unarmed!
Share this
The Dead Collector: Bring out yer dead.
[a man puts a body on the cart]
Large Man with Dead Body: Here's one.
The Dead Collector: That'll be ninepence.
The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I'm not dead.
The Dead Collector: What?
Large Man with Dead Body: Nothing. There's your ninepence.
The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I'm not dead.
The Dead Collector: 'Ere, he says he's not dead.
Large Man with Dead Body: Yes he is.
The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I'm not.
The Dead Collector: He isn't.
Large Man with Dead Body: Well, he will be soon, he's very ill.
The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I'm getting better.
Large Man with Dead Body: No you're not, you'll be stone dead in a moment.
The Dead Collector: Well, I can't take him like that. It's against regulations.
The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I don't want to go on the cart.
Large Man with Dead Body: Oh, don't be such a baby.
The Dead Collector: I can't take him.
The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I feel fine.
Large Man with Dead Body: Oh, do me a favor.
The Dead Collector: I can't.
Large Man with Dead Body: Well, can you hang around for a couple of minutes? He won't be long.
The Dead Collector: I promised I'd be at the Robinsons'. They've lost nine today.
Large Man with Dead Body: Well, when's your next round?
The Dead Collector: Thursday.
The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I think I'll go for a walk.
Large Man with Dead Body: You're not fooling anyone, you know. Isn't there anything you could do?
The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I feel happy. I feel happy.
[the Dead Collector glances up and down the street furtively, then silences the Body with his a whack of his club]
Large Man with Dead Body: Ah, thank you very much.
The Dead Collector: Not at all. See you on Thursday.
Large Man with Dead Body: Right.
Share this
King Arthur: Can we come up and have a look?
French Soldier: Of course not. You're English types.
King Arthur: What are you then?
French Soldier: I'm French. Why do you think I have this outrageous accent, you silly king?
Sir Galahad: What are you doing in England?
French Soldier: Mind your own business.
Share this
King of Swamp Castle: You only killed the bride's father, you know.
Sir Lancelot: Well, I didn't mean to.
King of Swamp Castle: Didn't mean to? You put your sword right through his head.
Sir Lancelot: Oh dear... is he all right?
Share this
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Who goes there?
King Arthur: It is I, Arthur, Son of Uther Pendragon, from the castle of Camelot. King of the Britons, defeater of the Saxons, sovereign of all England.
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Pull the other one.
Share this
Sir Bedevere: There are ways of telling whether she is a witch.
Peasant 1: Are there? Oh well, tell us.
Sir Bedevere: Tell me. What do you do with witches?
Peasant 1: Burn them.
Sir Bedevere: And what do you burn, apart from witches?
Peasant 1: More witches.
Peasant 2: Wood.
Sir Bedevere: Good. Now, why do witches burn?
Peasant 3: ...because they're made of... wood?
Sir Bedevere: Good. So how do you tell whether she is made of wood?
Peasant 1: Build a bridge out of her.
Sir Bedevere: But can you not also build bridges out of stone?
Peasant 1: Oh yeah.
Sir Bedevere: Does wood sink in water?
Peasant 1: No, no, it floats!... It floats! Throw her into the pond!
Sir Bedevere: No, no. What else floats in water?
Peasant 1: Bread.
Peasant 2: Apples.
Peasant 3: Very small rocks.
Peasant 1: Cider.
Peasant 2: Gravy.
Peasant 3: Cherries.
Peasant 1: Mud.
Peasant 2: Churches.
Peasant 3: Lead! Lead!
King Arthur: A Duck.
Sir Bedevere: ...Exactly. So, logically...
Peasant 1: If she weighed the same as a duck... she's made of wood.
Sir Bedevere: And therefore...
Peasant 2: ...A witch!
Share this
Sir Galahad: What a strange person.
Share this
Sir Lancelot: [Bursts into the Prince's room and kneels before him after killing the guards] Oh, fair one, behold, I am you humble servant Sir Launcelot. I have come to take
[looks up and realizes that he is kneeling before an effeminate Prince, not a Princess]
Sir Lancelot: Oh, I'm terribly sorry!
Prince Herbert: You got my note!
Sir Lancelot: Uh, well, I got a note.
Prince Herbert: You've come to rescue me! I knew someone would! I knew that somewhere out there, there must be someone who
[Music swells]
King of Swamp Castle: Stop that! Stop it! Stop it!
[Music stops]
King of Swamp Castle: Who are you?
Prince Herbert: I'm your son!
King of Swamp Castle: No, not you!
Sir Lancelot: I am Sir Launcelot, sir.
Prince Herbert: He's come to rescue me, father!
Sir Lancelot: Well, let's not jump to conclusions.
King of Swamp Castle: Did you kill all those guards?
Sir Lancelot: Um... oh, yes! Sorry.
King of Swamp Castle: They cost fifty pounds each!
Sir Lancelot: Well, the thing is, I thought your son was a lady.
King of Swamp Castle: Well, I can understand that.
Share this
Zoot: Welcome, brave sir Knight. Welcome to the Castle Anthrax.
Sir Galahad: The Castle Anthrax?
Zoot: Yes... it's not a very good name, is it? Oh, but we are nice, and we'll attend to your every need.
Share this
[after slicing one of the Black Knight's arms off]
King Arthur: Now stand aside, worthy adversary.
Black Knight: 'Tis but a scratch.
King Arthur: A scratch? Your arm's off.
Black Knight: No it isn't.
King Arthur: What's that, then?
Black Knight: [after a pause] I've had worse.
King Arthur: You liar.
Black Knight: Come on ya pansy.
Share this
King Arthur: NI.
Sir Bedevere: NOU.
King Arthur: No, NI.
Sir Bedevere: NOU.
King Arthur: No No, NI... NI.
Sir Bedevere: No,No,No,No... NI.
Share this
Woman: Oh. How do you do?
King Arthur: How do you do, good lady? I am Arthur, King of the Britons. Whose castle is that?
Woman: King of the who?
King Arthur: King of the Britons.
Woman: Who are the Britons?
King Arthur: Well, we all are. We are all Britons. And I am your king.
Woman: I didn't know we had a king. I thought we were an autonomous collective.
Dennis: You're foolin' yourself! We're living in a dictatorship. A self-perpetuating autocracy in which the working class...
Woman: Oh, there you go bringing class into it again.
Dennis: Well, that's what it's all about! If only people would...
King Arthur: Please, please, good people, I am in haste. Who lives in that castle?
Woman: No one lives there.
King Arthur: Then who is your lord?
Woman: We don't have a lord.
Dennis: I told you, we're an anarcho-syndicalist commune. We take it in turns to be a sort of executive officer for the week...
King Arthur: Yes...
Dennis: ...but all the decisions of that officer have to be ratified at a special bi-weekly meeting...
King Arthur: Yes I see...
Dennis: ...by a simple majority in the case of purely internal affairs...
King Arthur: Be quiet!
Dennis: ...but by a two thirds majority in the case of...
King Arthur: Be quiet! I order you to be quiet!
Woman: Order, eh? Who does he think he is?
Share this
Sir Robin: Would it help to confuse it if we run away more?
King Arthur: Oh shut up and go and change your armour.
Share this
[King Arthur has just cut the Black Knight's last leg off]
Black Knight: All right, we'll call it a draw.
King Arthur: [Preparing to leave] Come, Patsy.
[King Arthur and Patsy ride off]
Black Knight: [calling after King Arthur] Oh, oh, I see! Running away, eh? You yellow bastards! Come back here and take what's coming to you! I'll bite your legs off!
Share this
King of Swamp Castle: Guards, make sure the prince doesn't leave this room until I come and get him.
Guard #1: Not to leave the room... even if you come and get him.
Guard #2: [hiccups]
King of Swamp Castle: No, no. *Until* I come and get him.
Guard #1: Until you come and get him, we're not to enter the room.
King of Swamp Castle: No, no, no. You *stay* in the room, and make sure *he* doesn't leave.
Guard #1: And you'll come and get him.
Guard #2: [hiccups]
King of Swamp Castle: Right.
Guard #1: We don't need to do anything, apart from just stop him entering the room.
King of Swamp Castle: No, no. *Leaving* the room.
Guard #1: Leaving the room, yes.
King of Swamp Castle: All right?
Guard #2: [hiccups]
Guard #1: Right. Oh, if, if, if, uh, if, if, uh, if, if, if, we... oh, if... oh...
King of Swamp Castle: Look, it's quite simple. You just stay here, and make sure he doesn't leave the room. All right?
Guard #2: [hiccups]
Guard #1: Oh, I remember, uh, can he leave the room with us?
King of Swamp Castle: No, no, no, no, you just keep him in here, and make sure...
Guard #1: Oh yeah, we'll keep him in here, obviously, but if he had to leave, and we were with him...
King of Swamp Castle: No, just keep him in here...
Guard #1: Until you, or anyone else...
King of Swamp Castle: No, not anyone else. Just me.
Guard #1: Just you.
Guard #2: [hiccups]
King of Swamp Castle: Get back.
Guard #1: Get back.
King of Swamp Castle: All right?
Guard #1: Right, we'll stay here until you get back.
King of Swamp Castle: And make sure he doesn't leave.
Guard #1: What?
King of Swamp Castle: Make sure he doesn't leave.
Guard #1: The prince?
King of Swamp Castle: Yes, make sure he doesn't leave.
Guard #1: Oh, yes, of course.
[Points at Guard #2]
Guard #1: I thought you meant him. You know, it seemed a bit daft me I were to guard him when he's a guard.
King of Swamp Castle: Is that clear?
Guard #2: [hiccups]
Guard #1: Oh, quite clear. No problems.
King of Swamp Castle: Right.
[King of Swamp Castle turns to leave the room, both guards follow him]
King of Swamp Castle: Where are you going?
Guard #1: We're coming with you.
King of Swamp Castle: No, no, no. I want you to stay here and make sure *he* doesn't leave.
Guard #1: Oh, I see. Right.
Share this
King Arthur: Who are you who can summon fire without flint or tinder?
Tim: There are some who call me... Tim.
Share this
[Concorde has just been shot in the chest with an arrow bearing a message]
Concorde: Message for you, sir.
Share this
Tim: There he is!
King Arthur: Where?
Tim: There!
King Arthur: What? Behind the rabbit?
Tim: It *is* the rabbit!
King Arthur: You silly sod!
Tim: What?
King Arthur: You got us all worked up!
Tim: Well, that's no ordinary rabbit.
King Arthur: Ohh.
Tim: That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on!
Sir Robin: You tit! I soiled my armor I was so scared!
Tim: Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer!
Sir Galahad: Get stuffed!
Tim: He'll do you up a treat, mate.
Sir Galahad: Oh, yeah?
Sir Robin: You manky Scots git!
Tim: I'm warning you!
Sir Robin: What's he do? Nibble your bum?
Tim: He's got huge, sharp... er... He can leap about. Look at the bones!
King Arthur: Go on, Bors. Chop his head off!
Sir Bors: Right! Silly little bleeder. One rabbit stew comin' right up!
Share this
Woman: Dennis! There's some lovely filth down here!
Share this
[after Bors is killed by the killer rabbit]
Tim: I *warned* you, but did you listen to me? Oh, no, you *knew*, didn't you? Oh, it's just a harmless little *bunny*, isn't it?
Share this
King Arthur: [about the inscription on the rock] What does it say, Brother Maynard?
Brother Maynard: It reads, "Here may be found the last words of Joseph of Aramathia. He who is valiant and pure of spirit may find the holy grail in the Castle of Aaauuuggghhh... "
King Arthur: What?
Brother Maynard: "The Castle of Aaaauuuggghhhh"
Sir Bedevere: What is that?
Brother Maynard: He must have died while carving it.
King Arthur: Oh come on!
Brother Maynard: Well, that's what it says.
King Arthur: Look, if he was dying, he wouldn't have bothered to carve 'Aaaauuuggghhhh'. He'd just say it.
Sir Galahad: Maybe he was dictating it.
King Arthur: Oh shut up!
Sir Robin: Well does it say anything else?
Brother Maynard: No, just "Aaaaauuuugggghhh".
[knights making groaning sounds]
Sir Bedevere: Do you think he could have mean, 'Camaaaauuuuggghhhh'?
Sir Galahad: Where's that?
Sir Bedevere: France, I think.
Sir Lancelot: Isn't there a Saint "Aaaaavvvveeeesss" in Cornwall?
King Arthur: No that's Saint "Ives".
Sir Lancelot: Oh, yes. "Iiiiiivvvveeessss"!
[All knights saying, "Iiiiiivvvveeessss"]
Sir Bedevere: Whooooouuuuaaa!
Sir Lancelot: No no no, it's "Aaaaauuuugggghhhh" from the back of the throat.
Sir Bedevere: No I mean, "Whoooouuuuaaa!" as in surprise and alarm.
Sir Lancelot: Oh, you mean like, "AAAHH!"
Sir Bedevere: Yes, that's it. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Share this
[the cartoon Knights are being chased by the animated Beast of Aaaaauuuugggggghhh]
Narrator: And as the Black Beast lurched forward, escape for Arthur and his knights seemed hopeless, when suddenly, the animator suffered a fatal heart attack!
[cut to the animator shown cringing]
Animator: Ughck!
[falls backwards in his chair]
Narrator: [back to the cartoon] The cartoon peril was no more.
[Beast of Aaaaauuuugggggghhh disappears]
Narrator: The quest for the Holy Grail could continue.
Share this
Wedding Guest: Look! The dead prince!
Concorde: He's not quite dead.
Prince Herbert: Oh, I feel much better.
King of Swamp Castle: You fell out of the tall tower, you creep!
Prince Herbert: I was saved at the last minute.
King of Swamp Castle: How?
Prince Herbert: Well, I'll tell you.
[music begins playing, the townspeople begin dancing and singing, "He's going to tell, he's going to tell!"]
King of Swamp Castle: Not like that, not like that! No! Stop it! Nooo!
Share this
Minstrel: [singing] He is packing it in and packing it up And sneaking away and buggering off And chickening out and pissing off home, Yes, bravely he is throwing in the sponge.
Share this
[last lines]
King Arthur: [Arthur and Bedevere have found out that the Holy Grail is in Castle Augh, which is guarded by the frenchmen] We shall attack at once.
Sir Bedevere: Yes, my liege.
[an army of hundreds of soldiers appears]
King Arthur: [to Castle Augh] French persons, today the blood of many a brave knight shall be avenged! In the name of God, we shall not stop our fight till every one of you lies dead, and the Holy Grail returns to those who God Himself has chosen!
[turns to army]
King Arthur: Charge!
[the army charges forward, but is stopped by the police and the historian's wife]
Historian's Wife: [points to Arthur] It's that one, I'm sure!
[the police arrest Arthur and Bedevere]
Policeman: [turns to cameraman] All right, sonny, that's enough, just take off.
[turns off camera]
Share this
King Arthur: Well, we'll not risk another frontal assault. That rabbit's dynamite.
Share this
Knight 1: ...You must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest... WITH... A HERRING!
Share this
[first lines]
King Arthur: Whoa, there!
Share this
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Am I right?
King Arthur: I'm not interested!
Second Swallow-Savvy Guard: It could be carried by an African swallow.
King Arthur: Will you ask your master if he wants to join my court at Camelot?
1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Oh yeah, an African swallow, maybe, but not a European swallow. That's my point.
Second Swallow-Savvy Guard: But then the African swallow's not migratory...
Share this
God: Arthur, King of the Britons, your Knights of the Round Table shall have a task to make them an example in these dark times.
King Arthur: Good idea, O Lord!
God: 'Course it's a good idea!
Share this
Monks: Pie Jesu Domine, dona eis requiem
[bonk!]
Share this
Left Head: Halt! Who art thou?
Minstrel: [sings] He is brave Sir Robin, brave Sir Robin, who...
Sir Robin: Shut up! Nobody really, just passing through.
Left Head: What do you want?
Minstrel: [sings] To fight and...
Sir Robin: Shut up! Uh, n-n-nothing, really. J-j-just passing, uhm, just passing through.
Share this
French Soldier: You don't frighten us with your silly knees-bent running around advancing behavior!
Share this
King Arthur: Go and tell your master that we have been charged by God with a sacred quest. If he will give us food and shelter for the night, he can join us in our quest for the Holy Grail.
French Soldier: Well, I'll ask him, but I don't think he will be very keen. Uh, he's already got one, you see.
King Arthur: What?
Sir Galahad: He said they've already got one!
King Arthur: Are you sure he's got one?
French Soldier: Oh yes, it's very nice!
Share this
Narrator: Meanwhile, not more than two swallow's flights away, Arthur and Bedivere had discovered something. Oh, that's an unladen swallow's flight away, obviously. There were more than two laden swallow's flights away, four really, if they had the coconut on a line between them. I mean, if the birds were walking, and dragging the coconut...
Army: Get on with it!
Narrator: And now on to scene 24. A smashing scene with some lovely acting, in which Arthur discovers a vital clue, and in which there aren't any swallows, though I think you can hear a starling...
[he retches as he is apparently killed]
Share this
Narrator: A year passed: winter changed into spring, spring changed into summer, summer changed back into winter, and winter gave spring and summer a miss and went straight on into autumn... until one day...
Share this
King Arthur: O Knights of Ni, you are just and fair, and we will return with a shrubbery.
Leader of The Knights who say NI!: One that looks nice.
King Arthur: Of course.
Leader of The Knights who say NI!: And not too expensive.
King Arthur: Yes.
Share this
Sir Galahad: Zoot!
Dingo: No, I am Zoot's identical twin sister, Dingo.
[He tried to get past her]
Dingo: Where are you going?
Sir Galahad: I seek the Grail! I have seen it, here in this castle!
Dingo: Oh, no! Oh, no! Bad, bad Zoot!
Sir Galahad: What is it?
Dingo: Oh, wicked, bad, naughty Zoot! She has been setting a light to our beacon, which, I've just remembered, is Grail shaped. It's not the first time we've had this problem.
Sir Galahad: It's not the real Grail?
Dingo: Oh, wicked, bad, naughty, evil Zoot! Oh, she is a bad person, and she must pay the penalty!
[Turns to camera]
Dingo: Do you think this scene should have been cut? We were so worried when the boys were writing it, but now we're glad! It's better than some of the previous scenes I think.
Left Head: At least ours was better visually.
Dennis: At least ours was committed, it wasn't just a string of pussy jokes.
Bridgekeeper: Get on with it.
Tim: Yes! Get on with it!
Army: Yeah! Get on with it!
Dingo: Oh, I am enjoying this scene!
God: Get on with it!
Share this
Minstrel: [singing] He was not in the least bit scared to be mashed into a pulp Or to have his eyes gouged out and his elbows broken To have his kneecaps split and his body burned away And his limbs all hacked and mangled, brave Sir Robin His head smashed in and his heart cut out And his liver removed and his bowels unplugged And his nostrils raped and his bottom burnt off And his penis...
Sir Robin: That's enough music for now, lads.
Share this
God: If it's one thing I can't stand, it's people groveling.
Capt. Kirk: Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its 5-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before.
"... a dream that became a reality and spread throughout the stars" -- Kirk (Whom Gods Destroy)
"Just before they went into warp, I beamed the whole kit and kaboodle into their engine room, where they'll be no tribble at all." -- Scotty, explaining how he got rid of the tribbles (The Trouble With Tribbles)
"Right out of hell, I saw it!" -- Commodore Decker, describing the Planet Killer (The Doomsday Machine)
"You will die of suffocation, in the icy cold of space" -- Kang (Day of the Dove)
"The mid-1990s was the era of your so-called Third World War" -- Spock (Space Seed)
"We simply must accept the fact that Captain Kirk is no longer alive" -- Spock (The Tholian Web)
"They seemed to have been spared the agony of your first three World Wars, doctor" -- Spock (Bread and Circuses)
"You are authorized to use all measures available to destroy the Enterpise" -- Starfleet Command Representative (The Ultimate Computer)
"I didn't mean to say that the Enterprise should be hauling garbage. I meant to say that it should be hauled away AS garbage" -- Korax (The Trouble With Tribbles)
"Random chance seems to have operated in our favor" -- Spock
"In plain, non-Vulcan English, we've been lucky" -- McCoy
"I believe I said that, Doctor" -- Spock (The Doomsday Machine)
"Unbelievable. Do you recognize those uniforms?" -- Kirk
"Mid 20th century Earth. The nation-state called Nazi Germany." -- Spock (Patterns of Force)
"You look quite well for a man that's been 'utterly destroyed', Mr. Spock." -- Kirk (Patterns of Force)
"In four hours the ship blows up" -- Scotty (The Savage Curtain)
"Computer, compute to the last digit the value of pi" -- Spock (Wolf in the Fold)
"What are we looking at, a 20th century Rome?" -- Kirk (Bread and Circuses)
"Is there anyone on this ship, who even remotely, looks like Satan?" -- Kirk
"I am not aware of anyone who fits that description, Captain" -- Spock
"No, Mr. Spock, I didn't think you would be" -- Kirk (The Apple)
"Mr. Spock, the women on your planet are logical. That's the only planet in the galaxy that can make that claim." -- Kirk (Elaan of Troyius)
"Does everyone know about this grain but me?" -- Kirk
"Not everyone, Kepten, it's a Russian inwention." -- Checkov (The Trouble With Tribbles)
"Now this is a drink for a man." -- Scott
"Scotch?" -- Checkov
"Aye." -- Scott
"It vas inwented by a little old lady in Lenningrad." -- Checkov (The Trouble With Tribbles)
"Emotional, isn't she?" -- Spock
"She has always been so." -- Sarek
"Indeed. Why did you marry her?" -- Spock
"It seemed the logical thing to do at the time." -- Sarek (Journey To Babel)
"Ston, she is yours. You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing as wanting. This is not logical, but it is often true." -- Spock (Amok Time)
"Live long and prosper, Spock." -- T'Pau
"I shall do neither. I have killed my captain, and my friend." -- Spock (Amok Time)
"The best diplomat that I know is a fully-loaded phaser bank." -- Lt. Cdr. Montgomery Scott ("A Taste of Armageddon")
"Please, Spock, do me a favor ... 'n' don't say it's `fascinating'..." -- Dr. McCoy
"No... but it is... interesting..." -- Spock (The Ultimate Computer)
"... and tell Doctor McCoy, he should have wished me luck." -- Spock (The Immunity Syndrome)
"Shut-up, Spock! We're rescuing you!" -- McCoy
"Why, thank you, captain McCoy." -- Spock, to McCoy after he tells Kirk something about leaving him (The Immunity Syndrome)
"You! What planet is this?" -- McCoy, to a homeless person upon appearing in 1930's Chicago (City on the Edge of Forever)
"You can stop it!" -- Anan 7, Leader of the High Council of Eminiar VII, describing the horrors of the impending war to a hostage Kirk
"Stop it? I'm counting on it!" -- Kirk (A Taste of Armegedon)
"Now Mr. Spock, there's really something about all this that I don't understand, so maybe you could explain it to me, logically of course... Now, when you jettisoned the fuel, and ignited it, you knew that there was virtually no chance of it being seen and yet you did it anyway. Now that seems to me like an act of desperation." -- Kirk
"Quite correct, Captain." -- Spock
"Now we all know, and I'm sure the doctor would agree with me, that desperation is a highly emotional state of mind. So how does your well known logic explain that?" -- Kirk
"Quite simply captain, I examined the problem from all angles, and it was plainly hopeless. Logic informed me that under the circumstances, the only logical action would have to be one of desperation. Logical decision, logically arrived at." -- Spock
"Ah-huh, I see... So you reasoned that it was time for an emotional outburst." -- Kirk
"Well I... Wouldn't exactly put it in those terms captain, but those are essentially the facts." -- Spock
[sighs] "You aren't going to admit that for the first time in your life, you committed a purely human, emotional act?" -- Kirk
[crosses arms and slowly shakes head] "No, sir." -- Spock
[laughing] "Mr. Spock, you are a stubborn man." -- Kirk
[raises eyebrows] "Yes, sir." -- Spock (The Galileo Seven)
"I signed aboard this ship to practice medicine, not to have my atoms scattered back and forth across space by this gadget." -- McCoy (Space Seed)
"By golly, Jim... I'm beginning to think I can cure a rainy day!" -- McCoy (The Devil in the Dark)
"I find myself growing fatigued, Doctor. May we continue this questioning at some other time?" -- Khan (Space Seed)
Dr. McCoy: "He's dead, Jim."
Share this
James T. Kirk: There seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere...
Share this
Scotty: On Earth, we have a saying: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Chekov: I know this saying. It was invented in Russia.
Share this
Capt. Kirk: You'd make a splendid computer, Mr Spock. Spock
Spock: [taken aback] That is very kind of you, Captain!
Share this
Spock: Do you know what it is, Captain?
Capt. Kirk: [referring to the lethal gaseous entity] Something that can't possibly exist... but it does.
[looks on to dead crewmen sprawled on the ground]
Share this
Scotty: When are ya gonna get off of that milk diet Laddy? Now Scotch is a real drink for a man.
Chekov: Scotch was invented by a little old lady from Leningrad.
Share this
[repeated line]
James T. Kirk: Scotty, beam us up.

I am endeavoring, ma'am, to construct a mnemonic circuit using stone knives and bearskins. 
--Spock in 'City on the Edge of Forever'

I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question. 
--Spock in 'This Side of Paradise'

I am what I am, Leila, and if there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them. Mine can be no worse than someone else's. 
--Spock in 'This Side of Paradise'

The creature within me is gone. I am free of it, and the pain. I am also quite blind. An equitable trade, Doctor. Thank you. 
--Spock in 'The Immunity Syndrome'

Logic is little tweeting bird chirping in meadow. Logic is wreath of pretty flowers that smell bad. 
--Spock in 'I, Mudd'

Your illogical approach to chess does have its advantages on occasion, Captain. 
--Spock in 'Charlie X'

After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true. 
--Spock in 'Amok Time'

Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them. Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man. And nothing can replace it or him. 
--Spock in 'The Ultimate Computer'

Judging by the pollution content of the atmosphere, I believe we have arrived at the late twentieth century. 
--Spock in 'The Voyage Home'

What does it mean, 'exact change'? 
--Spock in 'The Voyage Home'

They like you very much, but they are not the hell your whales. 
--Spock in 'The Voyage Home'

Nowhere am I so desperately needed as among a shipload of illogical humans. 
--Spock in 'I, Mudd'

On my planet "to rest" is to rest, to cease using energy. To me it is quite illogical to run up and down on green grass using energy instead of saving it. 
--Spock in 'Shore Leave'

Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected. In this case, I should think "interesting" would suffice. 
--Spock in 'The Squire of Gothos'

If I were human, I believe my response would be: 'go to hell'. If I were human. 
--Spock in 'The Final Frontier'

Are you sure it isn't time for a "colourful metaphor"? 
--Spock in 'The Voyage Home'
He's dead, Jim.

2. By golly, Jim - I'm beginning to think I can cure a rainy day!

  3. Just a moment, Captain, sir. I'll explain what happened. Your revered Admiral Nogura invoked a little known, seldom used, reserve activation clause. In simpler language, Captain, they drafted me!

4. I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer!
I'm a doctor, not a psychiatrist.
I'm a doctor, not an engineer!
I'm a doctor, not a mechanic.
I'm a doctor, not an escalator!
I'm a doctor, not a magician!
I'm a doctor, not a coal-miner!

5. Don't see no points on your ears boy, but you sound like a Vulcan.

6. Are you out of your Vulcan mind??

7. I'm not a magician, I'm just an old country doctor.

8. If you treat her like a lady, she'll always bring you home.

9. Well, what do you know. I finally got the last word.

10. Logic! My God, the man's talking about logic! We're talking about universal Armageddon!

11. What you always do. Turn death into a fighting chance to live.

12. My dear girl, I am a doctor. When I "peek," it's in the line of 
duty.

13. Shut up, Spock. We're rescuing you!

I need you, Bones. Badly!
"Careful, Jim. The drink might be poisoned..." 
"You're right, Bones. Have a security guard taste it."

"Well Bones, do the new medical facilities meet with your approval?" -- Kirk
"They do not. It's like working in a damn computer center" -- McCoy (Star Trek: TMP)
"Spock, will you please sit down!" -- Kirk (Star Trek: TMP)
"Just a moment, Captain, sir. I'll explain what happened. Your revered Admiral Nogura invoked a little known, seldom used, reserve activation clause. In simpler language, Captain, they drafted me!" -- McCoy (Star Trek: TMP)
"Spock. This child is about to wipe out every living thing on Earth. Now, what do you suggest we do....spank it?" -- McCoy (Star Trek: TMP)
"Your child is having a tantrum, Mr. Spock." -- McCoy (Star Trek: TMP)
"Spock, you haven't changed a bit. You're just as warm and friendly as ever." -- McCoy
"Nor have you, Doctor, as your continued predilection for irrelevancy demonstrates." -- Spock (Star Trek: TMP)
"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times... Message Spock?" -- Kirk
"None that I am concious of... except, of course, Happy Birthday. Surely the best of times" -- Spock (Star Trek II)
"Humour. It is a difficult concept" -- Saavik (Star Trek II)
"Who's been holding up the damn elevator?" -- McCoy (Star Trek II)
"It has always been easier to destroy that to create" -- Spock
"Not anymore! Now we can do both at the same time. According to myth, the Earth was created in six days. Now watch out! Here comes Genesis, we'll do it for ya in six minutes." -- McCoy, in Kirk's ready room, after viewing the Project Genesis film (Star Trek II)
"Where are we going?" -- McCoy
"Where they went." -- Kirk
"What if they went nowhere?" -- McCoy
"Then this will be your big chance to get away from it all." -- Kirk, directing the search party to beam to the last coordinates of the transporter room in the deserted science lab (Star Trek II)
"I'm delighted. Any chance to go aboard the Enterprise." -- Sulu
"Well, I for one am glad to have you at the helm for three weeks. I don't think these kids can steer." -- Kirk (Star Trek II)
"In any case, were I to invoke logic, logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few." -- Spock
"Or the one." -- Kirk (Star Trek II)
"I have been, and ever shall be, your friend. Live long, and prosper." -- Spock (Star Trek II)
"How many fingers am I holding up?" -- Kirk, making the Vulcan salute
"That's not very damn funny." -- McCoy (Star Trek III)
"Don't call me Tiny." -- Sulu (Star Trek III)
"You're suffering from a Vulcan Mind Meld, Doctor." -- Kirk
"That green-blooded Son of a Bitch. It's his revenge for all those arguments he lost to me." -- McCoy (Star Trek III)
"My God, what have I done?" -- Kirk
"What you always do. Turn death into a fighting chance to live." -- McCoy (Star Trek III)
"You're suffering from a Vulcan mind-meld, Doctor." -- Kirk
"That green-blooded sonofabitch. It's his revenge for all those arguments he lost." -- McCoy (Star Trek III)
"You're not exactly catching us at our best" -- Kirk
"That much is certain" -- Spock (Star Trek IV)
"No, I'm from Iowa. I only work in outer space." -- Kirk (Star Trek IV)
"Avoid the planet Earth at all costs. Farewell" -- Federation President (Star Trek IV)
"Spock, where the hell's the power you promised?" -- Kirk
"One damn minute, admiral" -- Spock (Star Trek IV)
"Him? He's harmless. Back in the '60s he was part of the peace movement at Berkeley. I think he did a little too much LDS" -- Kirk
"LDS?" -- Dr. Gillian Taylor
"Umm-huh" -- Kirk, trying to explain Spock's weirdness as a result of LSD, and comfusing his 20th century Earth history (Star Trek IV)
"Damn medievalism!" -- McCoy (Star Trek IV)
"Nobody understands you in this century unless you swear every other word. You'll find it in all the literature of the era: Jackelyn Susann, the novels of Harrold Robbins." -- Kirk
"Ah, the giants." -- Spock (Star Trek IV)
"Sounds more like the goddam Spanish Inquisition." -- McCoy, to Kirk, after listening to to two 20th century doctors discussing treatments in an elevator (Star Trek IV)
"Don't mess around with me or you're through!" -- Naval Commander
"Really? Can I go now?" -- Chekov (Star Trek IV)
"Captain, I do not believe you realize the gravity of your situation" -- Spock
"On the contrary, gravity is the foremost thing on my mind" -- Kirk, while climbing El Capitan in Yosemite Nat'l Park (Star Trek V)
"Jim, you don't go around asking the Almighty for his I.D.!" -- McCoy (Star Trek V)
"Captain, life is not a dream." -- Spock (Star Trek V)
"I was attempting to ascertain the meaning of the lyrics." -- Spock
"It's a song, you green-blooded...Vulcan. You don't analyse it. The point is you have a good time singing it." -- McCoy
"Oh, I am sorry, Doctor. Were we having a good time?" -- Spock, after trying to sing "Row Row Row Your Boat" (Star Trek V)
"Beans. My great grand daddy's recipe. With a secret ingredient." -- McCoy
"Beans and bourbon. An explosive combination." -- Kirk (Star Trek V)
"I need a shower." -- Kirk
[Sniffing] "Yes." -- Spock (Star Trek V)
"Please Captain, not in front of the Klingons." -- Spock, to Kirk, refusing a hug (Star Trek V)
"Do you think He's really out there!?" -- McCoy, re God
[points to his heart] "He's not out there Bones, He's in here." -- Kirk (Star Trek V)
"To be... or not to be... that is the question which troubles my people" -- General Chang (Star Trek VI)
"Guess who's coming to dinner" -- Chekov (Star Trek VI)
"We need breathing room!" -- General Chang
"Earth. Hitler. 1938" -- Kirk (Star Trek VI)
"Where's that damn torpedo?" -- Kirk (Star Trek VI)
"Uhura, signal our surrender" -- Kirk
"Captain!!??" -- Uhura
"We surrender!!" -- Kirk (Star Trek VI)
"Ahh, Mr. Scott, I understand you're having difficulty with the warp drive. How much time do you require for repair?" -- Spock
"There's nothing wrong with the bloody thing!" -- Scotty
"Mr. Scott, if we return to Spacedock, the assassins will surely find a way to dispose of their incriminating footwear, and we will never see the captain, or Dr. McCoy, alive again" -- Spock
"Could take weeks, sir" -- Scotty
"Thank you, Mr. Scott" -- Spock (Star Trek VI)
"If I were human, I believe the correct response would be 'Go to Hell'" -- Spock's response to a Starfleet summons (Star Trek VI)
"I am constant as the Northern Star." -- Chang over the Enterprise intercom
"I'd give real money if he'd shut up." -- McCoy to Spock (Star Trek VI)
"You can't appreciate Shakespeare until you've read him in the original Klingon." -- General Chang (Star Trek VI)
"Logic is the beginning of wisdom; not the end." -- Spock (Star Trek VI)
"The good of the many outweight the good of the few or the one"
It can be argued that a human is ultimately the sum of his experiences.
-Benjamin Sisko, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Emissary
In this galaxy theres a mathematical probability of three million Earth-type planets. And in the universe, three million million galaxies like this. And in all that, and perhaps more...only one of each of us.
-Dr. McCoy, Star Trek, Balance of Terror
Excuse me Excuse me. Id just like to ask a question What does God need with a starship?
-James Kirk, Star Trek V: The Final Frontier
Everybody remember where we parked.
-James Kirk, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, after landing the cloaked Klingon bird of prey in Golden Gate park
Spock: Ahh, Mr. Scott, I understand youre having difficulty with the warp drive. How much time do you require for repair?
Scotty: Theres nothing wrong with the bloody thing! 
Spock: Mr. Scott, if we return to space dock, the assassins will surely find a way to dispose of their incriminating footwear, and we will never see the captain, or Dr. McCoy, alive again.
Scotty: Could take weeks, sir!
-Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country
Do you want to tell me whats bothering you or would you like to break some more furniture?
-Deanna Troi, to Worf, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Birthright
The bureaucratic mentality is the only constant in the universe.
-Dr. McCoy, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home
Kirk, making the Vulcan salute: How many fingers do I have up?
Dr. McCoy: Thats not very damn funny.
-Star Trek III: The Search for Spock
Quark: Its good to want things.
Odo: Even things you cant have?
Quark: Especially things you cant have.
-Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, The Passenger
How we deal with death is at least as important as how we deal with life.
-James Kirk, Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan
Picard: What we leave behind is as important as how weve lived. After all, Number One, were only mortal.
Riker: Speak for yourself, sir. I plan to live forever.
-Star Trek: Generations
Human bonding rituals often involve a great deal of talking, and dancing, and crying.
-Worf to Data, on weddings, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Datas Day
I would be delighted to offer any advice I can on understanding women. When I have some, Ill let you know.
-Captain Picard to Data, Star Trek: The Next Generation, In Theory
Please, Captain, not in front of the Klingons.
-Spock to Kirk, as Kirk is about to hug him, Star Trek V: The Final Frontier
It is possible to commit no errors and still lose. That is not a weakness. That is life.
-Captain Picard to Data, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Peak Performance
David Marcus: You were smart enough to tell Saavik that how we deal with death is at least as important as how we deal with life.
Kirk: Just words
David Marcus: But good words. Thats where ideas begin.
-Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan
I like my species the way it is.
-Worf, Star Trek: The Next Generation, The Best of Both Worlds
Our gods are dead. Ancient Klingon warriors slew them a millenia ago. They were...more trouble than they were worth.
-Worf, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Homefront (And no, I dont know why it is one millennia...)
Money is money, but women...are better.
-Nog (a Ferengi), Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Life Support
Take my Worf, please.
-Data, trying to imitate comedians, Star Trek: The Next Generation, The Outrageous Okona
If you dont mind, Id like to borrow your bodies for a few hours.
-Jadzia Dax, on performing her zhiantara, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Facets
Fate: protects fools, little children, and ships named Enterprise.
-Commander Riker, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Contagion
Kirk: Spock, where the hells the power you promised?
Spock: One damn minute, Admiral.
-Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home
Picard: Come back! Make a difference!
Kirk: I take it the odds are against us and the situations grim.
Picard: You could say that.
Kirk: If Spock were here, hed say that I was an irrational, illlogical human being for going on a mission like this... Sounds like fun!
-Star Trek: Generations
Rumors of my assimilation are greatly exaggerated.
-Captain Picard, Star Trek: First Contact
Assimilate this!
-Worf, Star Trek: First Contact
Believing oneself to be perfect is often the sign of a delusional mind.
-Data, to Borg Queen, Star Trek: First Contact
Data: She [the Borg Queen] brought me closer to humanity than I ever thought possible. And for a time, I was tempted by her offer.
Picard: How long a time?
Data: Zero point six-eight seconds, sir... For an android, that is nearly an eternity.
-Star Trek: First Contact
All I have to worry about are the Klingons, the Dominion, and the Maquis. I feel like Im on vacation.
-Benjamin Sisko, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Accession
See Brok acquire. Acquire, Brok, acquire!
-Quark, on the childrens books he used to read Nog, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Accession
Curious how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do not want.
-Spock, Star Trek, "Errand Of Mercy"
The truth is usually just an excuse for a lack of imagination.
-Garak, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Act, and you shall have dinner; wait, and you shall be dinner.
-Gowron, Klingon proverb, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Dr. Roger Corby: Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with jealousy, greed, hate?... 
Kirk: It can also be improved by eliminating love, tenderness, sentimentthe other side of the coin.
-Star Trek, "What are Little Girls Made Of?"
We have them just where they want us.
-Captain Kirk
Geordi: Data... I made that joke seven years ago.
Data: I know! I just got it!
-Star Trek: Generations
With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censored, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably.
-Captain Picard, Star Trek: The Next Generation, "The Drumhead"
If there's nothing wrong with me...maybe there's something wrong with the universe!
-Beverly Crusher, Star Trek: The Next Generation, "Remember Me"
Dr. Crusher: Computer, what is the nature of the universe?
Computer: The universe is a spheroid region, 705 meters in diameter.
-Star Trek: The Next Generation, "Remember Me"
I am NOT a merry man!!!
-Worf, Star Trek: The Next Generation, "Q-Pid"
Dr. Crusher: He got turned into a spider and now he has a disease named after him.
Counselor Troi: I'd better clear my calender for the next few weeks...
-on Lt. Barclay, Star Trek: The Next Generation, "Genesis"
Kirk: Come on. Spock, why didn't you jump in? 
Spock: I was trying to comprehend the meaning of the words. 
McCoy: It's a song, you green-blooded...Vulcan. You sing it. The words aren't important. What's important is that you have a good time singing it.
Spock: Oh, I am sorry, Doctor. Were we having a good time? 
McCoy: God, I liked him better before he died.
-Star Trek V: The Final Frontier
Spock: This is the new brig, Captain. It is escape-proof. 
Kirk: How do you know?
Spock: The designers tested it using the most intelligent and resourceful person they could find. He failed to escape. 
Kirk: This person didn't by any chance have pointed ears and an unerring capacity for getting his shipmates into trouble, did he? 
Spock: He did have pointed ears.
-Star Trek V: The Final Frontier
Second star to the right...and straight on 'til morning.
-James Kirk, Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, quoting Sir James Barry (Peter Pan)
It was...fun...
-James Kirk, on life, Star Trek: Generations
For everything, there is a first time.
I have been  and always shall be  your friend.
Live long, and prosper.
Space the final frontier.
So much for the little training cruise.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
He tasks me. He tasks me; and I shall have him. Ill chase him round the moons of Nibia and round the Antares maelstrom and round Perditions flames before I give him up.
This is Ceti Alpha Five.
Do not grieve, Admiral. It was logical. The needs of the many outweigh The needs of the few. (Spock grimaces, nods.) Or the one.
Lieutenant, you are looking at the only man to beat the no-win scenario.
Everyone remember where we parked.
Genesis? (Blank pause.) Whats that?
Let them eat static.
Do you know the old Klingon proverb that revenge is a dish best served cold? It is very cold  in space.
Times up  Admiral. Here it comes.
Warp speed.
You cheated.
You lied.
I changed the conditions of the test. I dont like to lose.
No, Kirk, no. Youll not escape. From hells heart, I stab at thee. For spites sake, I spit my last breath at thee.
Ill say this for him; hes consistent.
Hours instead of days! Now, we have minutes instead of hours.
Ive done far worse than kill you. Ive hurt you; and I intend to go on hurting you. I will leave you as you left me; as you left her. Marooned for all eternity at the center of a dead planet. Buried alive; buried alive.
How do I feel? I feel old  worn out. Then let me show you something that will make you feel young  as when the world was new.
The word is given.
Yours  is the superior intellect.
Youve never really faced death, have you? ...No; not like this. I havent faced death. Ive cheated death. Ive tricked my way out of death and patted myself on the back for my ingenuity; I know nothing.
You knew enough  to tell Lieutenant Saavik that how we face death is at least as important as how we face life.
Just words.
But good words; thats where ideas begin. Maybe you should listen to them.
Simple logic.
I like to believe that there are always possibilities.
Dont tell me  youre from outer space. No, Im from Iowa. I only work in space.
Damn. (Tosses symbolically shattered glasses aside.)
This isnt reality. This  is fantasy.
Ship? Out of danger?
Please let me know if theres some other way we can screw up tonight.
Hes so human. (She shudders.) Nobodys perfect, Saavik.
NUCLEAR WESSELS.
Admiral! There be whales here!
Dont  call me tiny.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. Message, Spock? None that I am conscious of  save, perhaps, for Happy Birthday.
Of my friend I can only say this: of all the souls that I met on my travels, his was the most human.
Its a  far, far better thing I do than I have ever done before; a far better resting place I go to than I have ever known. Is that a poem? Mmm. Something Spock was trying to tell me  on my birthday.
Admiral? All my hopes. (The men shimmer into light and then vanish.)
Well, once again, weve saved civilization as we know it. And the good news is, theyre not going to prosecute.
To boldly go where no man  where no one  has gone before.
Lets see whats out there.
Course heading, Captain?
Second star to the right  and straight on til morning. 
Admiral?' 'Admiral!' 'Admiral'... Never told you how Admiral Kirk sent 70 of us into exile in this barren sandheap with only the contents of these cargo bays to sustain us?
KHHHHAAAAAAAAN!
I exaggerated.
FULL POWER!
ogic is the beginning of wisdom; not the end. - Spock
Mr. Spock, the women on your planet are logical. That's the only planet in the galaxy that can make that claim. - Kirk
Live long and prosper - Spock
Spock. This child is about to wipe out every living thing on Earth. Now, what do you suggest we do....spank it? - Dr. McCoy
Everyone remember where we parked. - Captain Kirk
I was out saving the galaxy when your grandfather was in diapers! - Captain Kirk
Well, are you a doctor or aren't you? - Captain Kirk
Kirk: I hope I'm not crowding you.
Cogley: What's the matter? Don't you like books?
Kirk: Oh, I like them fine, but a computer takes less space.
Cogley: A computer, huh? I got one of these in my office. Contains all the precedents, a synthesis of all the great legal decisions written throughout time. I never use it.
Kirk: Why not?
Cogley: I've got my own system. Books, young man, books. Thousands of them. If time wasn't so important, I'd show you something--my library. Thousands of books.
Kirk: What would be the point?
Cogley: This is where the law is, not in that homogenized, pasteurized, synthesized... do you want to know the law, the ancient concepts in their own language, learn the intent of the men who wrote them, from Moses to the tribunal of Alpha 3? Books.
Kirk: You have to be either an obsessive crackpot who's escaped from his keeper or Samuel T. Cogley, attorney-at-law.
Cogley: Right on both counts.
McCoy: Well, I had to see it to believe it.
Spock: Explain.
McCoy: They're about to lop off the captain's professional head, and you're playing chess with the computer.
Spock: That is true.
McCoy: Mr. Spock, you're the most cold-blooded man I've ever known.
Spock: Why, thank you, Doctor.
Spock: Insufficient facts always invite danger.
Spock: Superior ability breeds superior ambition.
Spock:The mid-1990s was the era of your last so-called World War.
McCoy: (Khan has grabbed McCoy by throat and is holding a knife on him) Well, either choke me or cut my throat. Make up your mind.
Khan: Where am I?
McCoy: You're in bed, holding a knife at your doctor's throat.
Khan: Answer my question!
McCoy: It would be most effective if you would cut the carotid artery, just under the left ear.
Khan [releasing McCoy]: I like a brave man.
McCoy [taking knife from Khan]: I was just trying to prevent an argument.
Scotty: Diplomats! The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
McCoy: Well, Scotty, now you've done it.
Scotty: Aye, the haggis is in the fire, for sure.
Ambassador: What are you doing, Mr. Spock?
Spock: Practicing a peculiar variety of diplomacy, sir. [Fires phaser]
Kirk: Death. Destruction. Disease. Horror. That's what war is all about. That's what makes it a thing to be avoided.
Kirk: Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
Kirk: [War] is instinctive. But the instinct can be fought. We're human beings with the blood of a million savage years on our hands! But we can stop it. We can admit that we're killers ... but we're not going to kill today. That's all it takes! Knowing that we're not going to kill - today!
Spock: Captain, you almost make me believe in luck.
Kirk: Why, Mr Spock! You almost make me believe in miracles!
Kirk: ...You didn't really think I was going to beat his head in, did you?
Spock: I thought you might.
Kirk: You're right.
Kor: You speak of courage. Obviously you do not know the difference between courage and foolhardiness. Always it is the brave ones who die, the soldiers.
Kirk: I'm a soldier, not a diplomat. I can only tell you the truth!
Kirk: Another Armenia, Belgium ... the weak innocents...they always seem to be located along the natural invasion routes.
Kirk: Now, Mr.Spock and I are going to go out there ... and quite probably die. In an attempt to show you ... that there are some things ... worth dying for.
Kirk: What would you say the odds are on our getting out of here?
Spock: Difficult to be precise, Captain. I should say approximately seven thousand eight hundred twenty four point seven to one.
Kirk: Difficult to be precise? Seven thousand eight hundred and twenty four to one?
Spock: Seven thousand eight hundred twenty four point seven to one.
Kirk: That's a pretty close approximation.
Spock: I endeavour to be accurate.
Kirk: You do quite well.
Kirk: Well, what are the odds now?
Spock: Less than seven thousand to one, Captain. It's remarkable we've gotten this far.
Kirk: Less than seven thousand to one... Well, getting better, getting better.
James T. Kirk: Conquest is easy. Control is not.
Mirror Spock: Terror must be maintained or the Empire is doomed. It is the logic of history.
James T. Kirk: How long before the Halkan prediction of Galactic revolt is realized?
Mirror Spock: Approximately 240 years.
James T. Kirk: The inevitable outcome?
Mirror Spock: The Empire shall be overthrown, of course.
James T. Kirk: The illogic of waste, Mr. Spock. The waste of lives, potential, resources, time. . .I submit to you that your Empire is illogical, because it cannot endure. I submit that you are illogical to being a willing part of it.
James T. Kirk: In every revolution, there's one man with a vision.
Mirror Spock: One man cannot summon the future.
James T. Kirk: But one man can change the present.
Spock: (Explaining to Kirk how the mirror versions were so quickly spotted) It was far easier for you as civilized men to behave like barbarians than it was for them as barbarians to behave like civilized men.
Kirk: I'm not sure, but I think we've just been insulted.
McCoy: I'm sure.
James T. Kirk: Spock, comment.
Spock: Very bad poetry, Captain.
James T. Kirk: A more useful comment, Mr Spock.
James T. Kirk: If we weren't missing two officers and a third one dead, I'd say someone was playing an elaborate trick or treat on us.
Spock: Trick or treat, Captain?
James T. Kirk: Yes, Mr Spock. You'd be a natural.
James T. Kirk: You can't think a man to death.Zefram Cochrane: Immortality consists largely of boredom.
James T. Kirk: Not 100 percent efficient, of course, but nothing ever is.
James T. Kirk: The idea of male and female are universal constants.
Leonard McCoy: There's nothing disgusting about it [the Companion]. It's just another life form, that's all. You get used to those things.
James T. Kirk: We're on over a thousand worlds and spreading out. Life is everywhere.
Amanda Grayson: After all these years among humans, you still haven't learned to smile.
Spock: Humans smile with so little provocation.
Amanda Grayson: Vulcans believe that peace should not depend on force.
Spock: There is no logic in Gav's murder.
Shras: Perhaps you should forget logic and devote yourself to motivations of passion or gain; these are reasons for murder.
Spock: It [being a Vulcan] means to adopt a philosophy, a way of life, which is logical and beneficial. We cannot disregard that philosophy merely for personal gain, no matter how important that gain might be.
Sarek: One does not thank logic.
[Sarek and Spock discuss Amanda.]
Spock: Emotional, isn't she?
Sarek: She has always been that way.
Spock: Indeed? Why did you marry her?
Sarek: At the time, it seemed the logical thing to do.
Leonard McCoy: I'm a doctor, not an escalator
Spock: Virtue is a relative term.
Leonard McCoy: Oochy-woochy-koochy-coo.
Spock: "Oochy wootchy koochy coo," Captain?
James T. Kirk: An obscure Earth dialect, Mr. Spock. Oochy-woochy-koochy-coo. If you're curious, consult linguistics.
Spock: "The child was named Leonard...James...Akaar?!"
McCoy: "Has a kind of a...ring to it, don't you think, James?"
Kirk: "Yes. I think it's a name...destined to go down in galactic history, Leonard - what do you think, Spock?"
Spock: I think you're both going to be insufferably pleased with yourselves for at least a month. Sir.
Montgomery Scott: Aye, and deadly, too. What are you thinking of, Doc? Are you trying to kill us all?
Fascinating
Fascinating
Fascinating